TIFU / My (20F) girlfriend of two years told me the music that I (25M) play during sex is weird and a major turn off

A little back story; when I first started having sex I researched into ways to be better as I was a little stiff and pretty much had no idea what I was doing. I read online that you can play music and match the rhythm in order to put on a better performance.

I searched love making songs and started slowly creating a playlist in which I was comfortable matching the rhythm.

There are a few songs to my playlist. However there is one song in particular, which actually happens to be my favourite, that my girlfriend hates and says turns her off in a major way. 

I don’t understand why it has taken her two years to tell me she hates that song, it’s a good love making song with good rhythm. I feel the way I fucked up is I could have possibly asked her previously if she likes the playlist or any songs she’d like to add/change. But to leave it for two years thinking our sex life is great but in her eyes has just been ruined by my music has left the whole situation feeling awkward and I’m a bit annoyed. 

I pretty much played this tune every single time so the amount of times she must have not been enjoying it, when I thought the complete opposite is annoying but also embarrassing in ways. 

Not to mention my previous partners, however they never complained about the song so maybe it’s just her?

It’s fucked up the relationship tbh because sex feels awkward now. The other day we were having sex with no music but I was still thrusting to the tune playing in my head. She recognised this and asked me to stop.  

I thought this song was perfect and I always thrust along with the tune and feel it gives me the perfect rhythm for doing the deed to. I usually bust to this song and find it devastating she hates the song. 

[the song itself](

TL;DR She hates my love making tunes and didn’t tell me for over two years making sex now awkward.
TIFU - Posting on Reddit about our sex life with CBAT and now our relationship has ended
Ok this exploded more than I expected, and has been a bit overwhelming with the messages but thought I’d give an update. 

The attention hasn’t been exactly positive and this hasn’t been the best thing to happen for my relationship and it’s now sadly ended. 

I didn’t expect it to blow up so much, I should of used an anonymous name instead of my real name and our real ages. 

There aren’t many 25 year old Tyler Life’s who are in a relationship with their s/o for 2 years who is 20.

Unfortunately her younger sister recognised this and showed her parents who wasn’t happy at all and made the situation extremely awkward. 

What made it more awkward, and cemented the fact that it was me, is that they recognised the song. Once at a family dinner we were discussing music tastes and my ex girlfriend stated that I have an odd taste in music. Everyone laughed and pressed me to play something from my phone of what I like as music, to which I then blessed their ears with CBAT.

Her father laughed and said it was terrible, I guess we all have different tastes. Although I nodded in agreement at the time, I was thinking in my head that this is a great fucking song. 

We are over now and I am moving on. I already revealed my face on tiktok, but with the amount of hate I originally got I decided to say I didn’t have it and backtracked.

I don’t think the song is that bad and I had no idea she didn’t like it until recently and as soon as I did I stopped. I didn’t force her CBAT, not all can handle CBAT, I know it’s different. 

I know a lot have asked for face reveal and playlist. My playlist I actually burned onto a CD and have been using my CD player. But I’ll go on YouTube and try link all the songs in one playlist and share. 

TL;DR Made Reddit post and finished our relationship
